gh-130902 Add optional socket shutdown to close method of HTTPConnection class in http/client.py (#130919)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-03-06-16-31-08.gh-issue-130902.mHAtcq.rst

Issue: :gh:`130902`

> Modifies the ``HTTPConnection.close`` of ``HTTPConnection`` to include an optional socket ``shutdown``, improving functionality with error handling.

Reviewer: @sharktide please use this. 
```suggestion
Modifies the :meth:`http.client.HTTPConnection.close` of :class:`http.client.HTTPConnection` to include an optional socket ``shutdown``, improving functionality with error handling.
```

Author: kk

> Modified close(self) method of HTTPConnection class to include an optional socket shutdown similar to gh-130850. Includes error handling. As mentioned, it adds an optional shutdown param to the close method, keeping existing programs working, but adding an extra feature to new programs that offers improvements.

Reviewer: - Use a Sphinx reference.
- We generally use present tense in the changelog.

```suggestion
Modifies the :func:`HTTPConnection.close` of :class:`HTTPConnection` to include an optional socket ``shutdown``, improving functionality with error handling.
```
